[Music]
you had this this genre super exciting
to me we can absolute dream honey I love
working Michelle and obviously it works
as him stranger things and he's just
like I'm really mostly here for tae gab
that I've been a huge fan of his for a
long time and it's super cool to finally
meet him yeah yeah I mean dinner for me
as well I've known about run for a long
time and you know there was cover we've
always been trying to like meet up or
connect or work together at somebody to
finally get that chance to actually be
in the same thing together for the first
time ever there's actually more so me
today well did you guys talking about I
don't think so
not from my mother this is the first
time we've met I'm best cool thing about
the industry it brings people together
we've been mutual admirers of each other
for a long time from afar and now to
finally have a chance to work together
for the first time ever and both of our
lives is super stoked about that and be
in the same room Green Lantern yeah yeah
Green Lantern I don't think so that
you're thinking of Jessica Tandy Kathy
Bates fried fried green tomatoes that I
remember you guys Seth Rogen Green
Hornet it's this that's where you'll get
in condition amazing in that but neither
of us will see us wearing I know you did
Green Lantern it was definitely Green
Line right
[Music]
you